link to finished codepen: https://codepen.io/jakeg13/pen/KKzvjLa

1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    Semantic HTML is a way of writing HTML documents using tags that describe the information they contain.

2. What is HTML used for? 
    HTML is used to create web pages, specifically the structure and content.

3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    An attribute is additional information about an HTML element that is placed in the leading tag of the element.

4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    The h1 tag is used to display the main title of a webpage. It should only be used once on a page.

5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    Both the img tag and a tag have required attributes.

6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    The head of our HTML documents should contain the ftitle, style, meta, link, script, and base elements.

7. What is an id? 
    An id is an attribute that is used to declare a specific identity to an element.

8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    An id can be used on any HTML element.

9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    An id can be referenced numerous times on a page, but it can only be declared to reference an element once.

10. What is a class? 
    A class is an attribute used to declare an identity to an element or group of elements.

11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    A class can be added to any HTML element.

12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    A class can be used as many times as is neccessary.

13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    Using an a tag with the attribute target="_blank" will open a link in a new tab.

14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
    The alt attribute in the image tag is used to provide an alternative option of understanding the image for those with a visual impairment. A screen reader can be used to read an alt attribute.

15. How do I reference an id?
    An id can be referenced using #.

16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    A section is semantic and provides information whereas a div does not.

17. What is CSS used for? 
    CSS is used for styling.

18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    element {} (ex: h2 {})

19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    A class can be used by multiple elements while an id can only be used by one. A class may be used to style all h2 elements' font size while an id may be used to scroll to a specific point on a webpage.

20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    Class in CSS are selected using a dot(.)(ex: .wrapper).

21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    p.human

22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    A parent child selector is used to select all elements that are a child of the specific parent element. This would be useful if you were trying to select list items that are a direct child of an unordered list and not any other list items nested in a deeper unordered list.

23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    .sidebar a {}

24. What is a pseudo selector?
    A pseudo selector is a class used to define a special state and then style an element. Examples include :hover and :active.

25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    To change vertical spacing between lines the line height property is used.

26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    letter-spacing

27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    text-transform: uppercase, text-transform: lowercase, and text-transform: capitalize, respectively

28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    border: 1px dotted black;

29. How do I select everything on the page?
    * {}

30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    /* comment */

31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line?
    pwd

32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls

33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    rm filename
    It is important to be careful with this because the action cannot be undone.

34. Why should I use version control? 
    Version control is important so that you can keep track of changes, and collaboration with others stays streamlined and organized.

35. How often should I commit to github?
    Commits to GitHub should be frequent.

36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git push -u origin branch-name

37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    1.  Fork repo, confirm my name is in front of repo
    2.  Add TL as collaborator on forked repo
    3.  Clone repo
    4.  In CLI, use cd to enter desired directory
    5.  git clone <link-to-repo>
    6.  cd <repo-name>
    7.  git checkout -b 'firstname-lastname'
    8.  work on repo locally
    9.  frequently commit to branch using:
        a.  git add .
        b.  git commit -m "commit message"
    10. Push changes to GitHub repo using git push -u origin branch-name, subsequent pushes can be done using just git push
    
    11. To submit pull request, select 'firstname-lastname' branch and click new pull request button
    12. Change base repository to forked repo
    13. Add TL to reviewers and submit pull request
    14. Make sure not to merge own pull request
    
Stretch Questions
1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    An inline element does not take up an entire width of line, while block elements do.

2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    When an element is positioned absolutely, it is taken out of the document's flow and is placed at a positon decided by the developer using a variety of attributes (top, bottom, left, right).

3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    You can give something a larger width than it needs to display its content by using margin.

4. Name 3 elements that are display block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    block: p, header, div
    inline: span, a, button
    inline-block: img

5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them?
    The box model is the design system used in CSS where every HTML element exists in a box. The box consists of layers including margin, border, padding, and the content. This design system allows developers to position a piece of content in a way that respects the dimensions its given.